hey guys do today so we're actually just
over 8 and because I were a list video
is going to be really boring but anyway
to make a short story short even shorter
we just got back from how Germany and
Hooton you know I didn't say that right
you don't want to talk about how a
mountain and Looney here and Dean these
are the guys you deal with when you're
dealing with me in Europe because that's
who we ship all the animals through and
you can pick a lot to both of the shows
and you can pick them up for anybody in
the UK for this though couriers ready to
deliver your animals right to you in the
UK and of course we specialize in
retakes it all kinds them they already
have a big selection as we brought a lot
of stuff in extra so you can have some
stuff ready for you guys for Christmas
even if you want some you deserve it and
make me play you need to come on down
and check out the store it's very nice
and anything you're looking for you can
actually go to prehistoric pets com even
if you don't see it on there we have a
lot of kinds of retakes that are not on
there we have some ball pythons too and
like I said we'll bring it all through
them they take care of all the hard
paperwork deal with the whole thing and
deliver right your door they can arrange
the whole thing if you live in the UK so
anyway remember Chris shortcuts and
we're standing in where the red towel
ring I knew you'd come through I didn't
know about him of course it's his shot
Livius actually deals in the online
sales for love so some sounds and I'm
far too busy yeah I always do maybe
Libby's more genetically involved in
myself hodnett I'm learning as I go
along he's telling new new pretty
protects coming on so normally deals
with a lot of things personal email you
can email the reptile room at what do we
do we got beef or actually this is a
better girl that can use the Europe ask
Prehistoric Pets comments or through to
us all we all share the information
between houston easy to see so we can
actually
questions quit my in the game an time
line between three of us anyway take
care guys looking forward to hearing
from you tell us what you think we
should bring next shipment matter of
fact tell us what you want for the next
shipment take care okay Mike